Chen Shao
I heard that your eldest brother, Mr. Chen from Qiangsheng Group, wants to marry
Mu Qianxue
Marry him
After today, Mu Qianxue will have nothing
Where is Wuqiang Group in Qinzhou?
he
It's a plaything every time I get married
Hahahahaha
We Changfeng Group
This time, it is also the Cangxue Group
This is 1 trillion compensation
Cangxue Group is dead
Hahaha
Take the task we entrusted but fail to complete it
Mother Qianxue come out for me
Give us all a knock
Hey hey come out
You come out
So just a moment.
We Mr. Mu are busy
I don't think Mu Qianxue dares to come out
The phone you dialed is turned off
Sister Shen
Why is it at this time?
Cao alincang
I may really not be able to take it anymore
Get back on your feet and help me
Not everyone can enter the Fortitude Group
Go, go, go
Oops oops
go up